Homework #1
UserLogin Cover Letter
Jeffrey Cutcliffe 

CS2 preparedness:
I feel prepared for CS2 but I guess it depends on how well others did on this project and how long it took them. 
There were some difficult parts that I had to research but that's just because I didn't learn writing to files
in CS1. I had also never used a StringBuffer before so that was new. Apart from those things, the logic wasn't 
terribly difficult. I am using intelliJ for the first time so that took some getting used to as well.

Development Process:
The process used in this project was much different than what I'm used to. I loved the incremental development. 
Setting up the skeleton program was a great use of abstraction that helped me think about how the methods
would interact before I implemented them. According to my development log, steps 5 and 7 took the most time.
After class on Thursday I realized that I hadn't checked for space, tab, and return. In trying to check for these
I ran into some major problems. Because I was using scanner for my input, my checks for space tab and return don't 
work correctly. The delimiter of the input string object is white space so if the first character in a username is 
a space then my program will skip over it. Also, if there is a space in the middle of a username, my program will 
only take the first section as the username. I figured my only solution would be to change how my program was getting 
it's input to maybe a buffered reader or something. I'm not sure because I didn't have time to implement something new
that I'm completely unfirmiliar with. Also, I wasn't sure how to change my file already uploaded to my new .java file 
so I just uploaded the same package a second time. I'd love to go over these issues in class if possible.

Testing:
I have done explicit testing in prior CS1 assignments, never to this extent though. The test plans were my own and 
I somewhat worked on them as the project developed. Testing after each step was really helpful in finding problems 
quickly and effectively. Not many of my test cases found errors in my logic as far as determining validity, but the
testing came in handy when I was figuring out how to write to a file in the manner that I wanted as far as spacing 
and next lines go.
